c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\bin\Debug\Practica10.exe.config
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\bin\Debug\Practica10.exe
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\bin\Debug\Practica10.pdb
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\obj\Debug\Practica10.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\obj\Debug\Practica10.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\obj\Debug\Practica10.Form1.resources
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\obj\Debug\Practica10.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\obj\Debug\Practica10.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\obj\Debug\Practica10.exe
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\obj\Debug\Practica10.pdb
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\bin\Debug\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\bin\Debug\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\obj\Debug\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\piro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\obj\Debug\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\piro\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\obj\Debug\Interop.AcroPDFLib.dll
C:\Users\piro\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\obj\Debug\AxInterop.AcroPDFLib.dll
C:\Users\piro\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\bin\Debug\Interop.AcroPDFLib.dll
C:\Users\piro\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Practica10\Practica10\bin\Debug\AxInterop.AcroPDFLib.dll
